remind folks not to make a PR with leaked creds (#2322)
elastic/connectors: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

items that may help during the review.-->

#### Pre-Review Checklist

> - [ ] this PR does NOT contain changes to `config.yml.example` that commit credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] this PR does NOT contain credentials of any kind, such as API keys or username/passwords
```
